Replace route with mydumper.files due to route feature not GA yet (#8329)
pingcap/docs: migrate-large-mysql-shards-to-tidb.md

* --checkpoint-error-ignore: If migration has failed, this option clears the error status as if no errors ever happened.
* --checkpoint-remove: This option simply clears all checkpoints, regardless of errors.

For more information, see [TiDB Lightning Checkpoints](/tidb-lightning/tidb-lightning-checkpoints.md).

### Create the target schema

> Run the following command and edit the `my_db1-schema-create.sql` file to create `mydb.table5` in downstream:

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following command and edit the `my_db1-schema-create.sql` file. Then run the `my_db1-schema-create.sql` file downstream to create `mydb.table5`:
```

> Run the following command and edit the `my_db1-schema-create.sql` file. Then run the `my_db1-schema-create.sql` file downstream to create `mydb.table5`:

Author: ```suggestion
Create `mydb.table5` at downstream. For example, you can change the table name to `mydb.table5` in the `my_db1-schema-create.sql` and then execute the file at downstream:
```
